README.md, before:

# Sitecore.Demo.CHONE

Repository for all the Content Hub ONE demos built by the Sitecore Demo Solutions team.

## Demos

### [PLAY! Media Next.js](/play-media/src)

Next.js responsive and mobile-first website with events and athletes.

## ⚠ Important notice

### Is Sitecore.Demo.CHONE a starter kit or template solution?

**No.** You should not clone this repository for the purposes of starting a new Sitecore project. There are other community solutions which can be used as a starter for Sitecore implementations. Sitecore.Demo.CHONE is intended as a **demos only**.

### Is Sitecore.Demo.CHONE supported by Sitecore?

Sitecore maintains the Sitecore.Demo.CHONE repository, but Sitecore.Demo.CHONE code is not supported by Sitecore Product Support Services. Please do not submit support tickets regarding Sitecore.Demo.CHONE.

### How can I get help with Sitecore.Demo.CHONE?

For usage questions regarding Sitecore.Demo.CHONE, please use [Sitecore Stack Exchange](https://sitecore.stackexchange.com/) or [#sitecoredemo](https://sitecorechat.slack.com/messages/CASEB5M38) on [Sitecore Community Slack](https://sitecore.chat/).

Please do not submit usage questions via GitHub.

### Bug reports

You can use GitHub to submit [bug reports](https://github.com/Sitecore/Sitecore.Demo.CHONE/issues/new) for Sitecore.Demo.CHONE.

### Feature requests

You can use GitHub to submit [feature requests](https://github.com/Sitecore/Sitecore.Demo.CHONE/issues/new) for Sitecore.Demo.CHONE.

### Contribute

Contributions are always welcome by submitting [pull requests](https://github.com/Sitecore/Sitecore.Demo.CHONE/pulls) on GitHub!

### License

Please read the [LICENSE](https://github.com/Sitecore/Sitecore.Demo.CHONE/blob/main/LICENSE) carefully prior to using the code in this repository.

### Warranty

The code, samples and/or solutions provided in this repository are for example purposes only and **without warranty (expressed or implied)**. The code has not been extensively tested and is not guaranteed to be bug free.

Commit message:

Add the mobile app to the main readme, and improve its own readme. (#124)

README.md, after:

# Sitecore.Demo.CHONE

Repository for all the Content Hub ONE demos built by the Sitecore Demo Solutions team.

## Demos

### [PLAY! Media Next.js Website](/play-media/src)

Next.js responsive and mobile-first website with events and athletes.

### [PLAY! Media Mobile Phone Application](/play-media-native)

Android and iOS phone application for journalists to add, edit, and publish events, athletes, and media from the field.

## ⚠ Important notice

### Is Sitecore.Demo.CHONE a starter kit or template solution?

**No.** You should not clone this repository for the purposes of starting a new Sitecore project. There are other community solutions which can be used as a starter for Sitecore implementations. Sitecore.Demo.CHONE is intended as a **demos only**.

### Is Sitecore.Demo.CHONE supported by Sitecore?

Sitecore maintains the Sitecore.Demo.CHONE repository, but Sitecore.Demo.CHONE code is not supported by Sitecore Product Support Services. Please do not submit support tickets regarding Sitecore.Demo.CHONE.

### How can I get help with Sitecore.Demo.CHONE?

For usage questions regarding Sitecore.Demo.CHONE, please use [Sitecore Stack Exchange](https://sitecore.stackexchange.com/) or [#sitecoredemo](https://sitecorechat.slack.com/messages/CASEB5M38) on [Sitecore Community Slack](https://sitecore.chat/).

Please do not submit usage questions via GitHub.

### Bug reports

You can use GitHub to submit [bug reports](https://github.com/Sitecore/Sitecore.Demo.CHONE/issues/new) for Sitecore.Demo.CHONE.

### Feature requests

You can use GitHub to submit [feature requests](https://github.com/Sitecore/Sitecore.Demo.CHONE/issues/new) for Sitecore.Demo.CHONE.

### Contribute

Contributions are always welcome by submitting [pull requests](https://github.com/Sitecore/Sitecore.Demo.CHONE/pulls) on GitHub!

### License

Please read the [LICENSE](https://github.com/Sitecore/Sitecore.Demo.CHONE/blob/main/LICENSE) carefully prior to using the code in this repository.

### Warranty

The code, samples and/or solutions provided in this repository are for example purposes only and **without warranty (expressed or implied)**. The code has not been extensively tested and is not guaranteed to be bug free.
